this video is made possible by the
following cuties you can check out the
gear they provide to me in the
description below yep
it's ginger so hey guys Dimmie here and
welcome back to another video first of
all let's talk about the hair fear let's
get out the way quickly so a couple of
weeks ago I took part in a charity race
which was benefiting a charity called
Trussell trust and I said to my guys on
the stream if we hit 20,000 pounds all
more raised I will dye my hair blond I
guess you guys are such mad lads we
actually hit 25 grand in the end and my
hair's fate was sealed but of course
when you try and dye your hair blonde
from whatever color my hair is usually
very dark brown it kind of does this do
I care not really but is it hilarious
extremely so feel free to poke fun or
whatever in the comment but this is how
it's gonna be for a little while anyway
being ginger aside I thought today's
video could be a bit more relaxed and a
bit more chilled out and all the content
we've been seeing recently with
simracing but a lot of very big things
going recently in the simracing space
has been amazing for all the super
amazing creators in terms of traffic to
the channels I can't lie and say it's
not helped me it really has but I think
some of us are getting away from what we
love about simracing and in today's
video I want to try and discuss that a
bit and just have a bit of a chill time
with me and you which means no six
thousand horsepower Formula one cars but
now and what by the way the chill out
and just drive then by taking my car -
an r32 GTR or I should say Nissan
Skyline GTR r32 avoids James May will
call my car [__] again and drive it
around the LA canyons map because I
haven't driven this before and it's one
of those maps that I've been told that
is just a ton of fun to drive around and
just chill out and I remember a while
ago I did a video run Targa Florio in a
Porsche 911 Carrera of some sort and it
was just a lot of fun just to chill out
and do that so we're gonna do that today
talk about sim racing a bit
no to the fat and just enjoy each
other's company although an Earthman for
one-sided conversation so here we are
then and they're canyons in our skyline
gt-r and importantly to note this is the
the stock r32 GTR is a V spec - so it's
got some nice big brakes and some and
some high casts and Tesla settings but
it's basically a stock GTR so about 300
horsepower or so at the flywheel not
quite sure what that is at the wheels
twin-turbo is quite a lot of lag kids
from the 90s and of course it's perfect
in every way because it's the best car
ever don't at me I'm not bias at all
we've got about 40 litres in the tank
which I think should be enough to to get
us around this map and we should
hopefully as well have some two-way
traffic working I had a bit of struggle
getting and working before it might be
working now we might not even see anyone
we might all would just crash but they
should be around somewhere havena give
us a bit more of an immersive vibe the
saddle speak of the devil there goes all
those Elise how cool is that it's called
a vertical traffic drive sometimes I
know I'm sure a lot of you guys out
there like myself of course massive car
enthusiasts all I want to do - chill out
and get rid of some of this stress of
and the anxiety of this situation aside
rift in the world at the moment let's go
for a drive but of course you can't do
that really because well people say that
you know it doesn't matter I can go for
a drive right I'm not exposing my anyone
to the virus by going for a drive but
they're gonna miss the point of that if
you are out especially in the country
maybe you hit an animal and you ever
crash or something
hello GT 86 then you go in - where do
you go you got a hospital which is
already being pushed to limit over here
in the UK so you know I think you can
bear being inside for a bit longer
maybe just try your best anyway
so I've already got a plan on how this
video is gonna go or what I'm gonna say
you people make videos like this and
[Music]
they have like a list of things they
want to go for a what kind of a list of
things in my head to go through it's
probably gonna be a little bit rambling
and a little bit every now and then
going a bit quick I mean we do the
hundred mile an hour cruising hundred
mile an hour Scarlett feels like nothing
of course feels like that the real life
- and those turbos just about smooth now
there you go give it some I guess a
speed up getting sort of slowed down
signs though so I'm gonna actually
listen to those and not hurt myself on
the way down the hill here and the first
thing I want to talk about I guess is
the channel and how things have frankly
exploded recently they really have
they've gone just absolutely insane like
you know I guess I could kind of see
that given the situation a lot a lot of
people now are inside and watching
videos and watching streams and our work
but for me it's meant that since the
drive drive video came out in February
of course I know that was before this
whole situation started as we're gonna
try and use the grunting at bass DG 86
thank you very much mate I think that
about 350,000 subscribers now with
nearly a four hundred fifty thousand
subscribers so I've gained you know in a
couple of months in the 100k which is
more than ever before all we're gonna go
left here are we know don't crash
we've run by that I kind of wonder how
always happened but I don't know the
gt86 is back now he's angry I'm sorry
mate I'll go I promise
so yeah really I wanted to say thank you
for that support it is insane I hope
that you know you'll stay with me for
many months to come regardless of virus
like I'm kind of sad that the channel
has benefited from that you know I mean
that much I would much rather we stay
where we were in terms of viewership and
subscribers and this this pandemic not
affect the world but I guess it is well
it is I me have to just kind of continue
onwards of course with with this
happening to sit racing I found myself
being invited to millions upon millions
it feels like of crazy events you know
evolving Roo life drivers pro drivers
and recently Formula One drivers which
is pretty surreal to say the least it's
pretty mad and that's been quite
eye-opening as well as to how how people
are you know and how people act in a
different setting and it has been for a
number of reasons which we'll get into a
bit later on
shall we F Carl Larsson by the way but
yeah it's benefiting her not to drive
alongside people and find that you
aren't too far off you know you want to
firefight I don't ever see my I've never
seen myself as a quick sip racer I've
always seen myself as someone who's kind
of average maybe maybe slightly above
average in terms of skill were Noah near
the fast fast guy so to kind of the
opportunity to race him and I actually
found it to be quite quite gift me to
racin that most five was just looking
around there man
just because it gives you someone to aim
for it's a bit there's a bit quicker
than you all misread that thank you four
wheel drive system very cool yeah it's
been nice to kind of learn that and
learn where I lose my time I've
discovered that I'm terrible breaking
basically I thought my worst my worst
thing oh my god as I say is I break
traction come on
oh no should've done that that's why you
don't throw the car on the apex of a on
a two-way traffic road only got mass
tanked which is a weird cuz I wasn't a
crowd you still with me of that isn't it
yeah I think I think it's been good for
pretty much every sip embracing YouTube
channel whatever everyone's grabbed it's
been there's great opportunities
starting off things like the velocity
Grand Prix that was amazing
of course the virtual GP that I've been
a part of and I can't tell you how many
interviews I've had with people who
wanted to hear my side of the story or
driving in that race and now we were the
BBC News website and things like that
and
it's a bit odd because I still happened
very quickly you know I I'm someone who
is still admittedly a bit of an
introvert
so I kind of enjoy my chill time you
know I enjoyed just chilling out and
relaxing so when you're being put in the
spotlight a lot and I'm not really used
to it it's a bit tricky but you know
it's it's a good problem to have but
something that I've got to learn to deal
with a bit better speaking of dealing
with things driving with EF one lads
again absolutely mad experience number
one aware there are hundreds if not
thousands of people who would kind of
give their right arm this would be the
position where I almost get to race just
online but I kind of say like I even now
I still feel odd about being in that
group of people you know because these
are some of the best drivers in the
world people that we look up to idolize
you know as motorsport fans
and there I am just casually driving
with them and having a chat with him
every now and then you know I still feel
like the outsider of the group and I
expect it should be that way because I
am I am that you know I'm not I'm not
exactly I mean they all grew up together
doing the thing I'm just some guy on the
internet who drives Carl's body and now
has ginger hair but yeah it's
it's still very difficult silver the
imposter syndrome people just say that
we don't have that you deserve to be
there not quite as easy as that
unfortunately I wish it was but it's not
so but I think we as off recording this
there is a mock shot with this video
we're alive but there's a the second
part of the race of the world coming up
fairly soon
and I'm kind of hard prepared for that
but you know even though I'm just
driving around to the back of the field
mid mid Pat back of the field just don't
want to be on that circuit I tried to
worry too much about how is he
performing more to start put on a show
for the guys at home who all stuck stuck
at home doing nothing he knows a bit
more doing this enough to drive a man
crazy I'm sure it's before the couple
you crazy already but again now that's
we're all win this together I'll take
the absolute race on the line here look
at this
easy it's quite relaxing going for a
draw the thing is I wouldn't even drive
I would drive anywhere dealers click on
the on roads in real life this is a
great thing about separating right it's
something that I think we need to try
remember a little bit is that for all
this seriousness always big events being
put on TV and NBC and Fox and BBC and
skyed all these people putting on events
showing into the world that to me this
is house in Mason is how it started it's
just going for a drive sometimes you
know driving cars that you don't get to
drive in real life or in my case can't
drive a little life so weird to know
though one of these and do it in the SIP
and enjoy doing it and you were just
chatting this [__] you know that's
that's a big deal that's what it should
be but people forget about that sometime
something super Bryson's in a bit of a
danger of what the worst already done
this over saturating these big events of
these big drivers because to me now you
know it sounds weird but I kind of used
to being in these events of these names
in the moment
samples are Timmy how to drive of X Y
Zed of my car yeah cool that'd be nice
you know I'd ride casually drove of
David Pitt Arthur vlm before and that's
still an amazing thing I still
absolutely amazing experience but like I
didn't go in there being scared of him
more and once a scale I've been like
nervous because he was like this this
big boy driver more I thought boy just
to be his mate and girl with him I mean
it that really well you know that's sort
of how my perspective his change of
those events now a little bit of course
some drivers a bit more willing to do
that in others I don't want to get into
that too much but alright bit much and
there but we're we're out of risk of
oversaturating I think and the thing is
the quality of the driving and the prior
events I'd say is probably their sack or
they simracing private that's kind of
what you expect but
I know I think simracing is doing this
thing where it's trying us best to
emulate real life when in reality is
should embrace that it isn't in real
life and have a little bit of fun with
it sometimes of course of course there
is room for the the big crazy event
cigar TV there's room for that you know
but I'll compete for me watching a race
is a little bit of a [__] show with some
good racing in as well you can have both
in a race it's more entertaining to me
than watching this really stuffy
procession where everyone's pretending
it's real life you know there are people
there are certain racing broadcasters
simracing broadcasters who will just
pretend that they're in the real life
situation they just need to embrace the
fact that they aren't that's what that's
what makes sim racing a bit more
interesting a bit more special as it has
that kind of or it did have anyway that
room to be a bit more casual I feel like
that's not quite as true at the moment
because again all the eyes and all the
sponsors and you're seeing that with no
cases like old Bubba Wallace and and
Carl Larsson you know there are cameras
on you in the cockpit
people always used to say to me to me
you get so mad when you drive by man you
want to you now see what it is like to
have cameras on you all the time when
driving in a competitive scenario people
get angry and do stupid [__] and get
their sponsors taken away
I think the Bubba Wallace thing was a
bit ridiculous but Oh God we put it in
the gamma ray we night kids now but the
the Carlisle something I mean you can't
be saying that man you can't be doing
that if you wonder what that is that
going Google that you'll find it very
quickly
trust me but what can I talk about
emotional streamers had enough attention
already on stream on video it's just
like a stream because I'm just sit there
a chat it's kind of nice I gotta say I'm
really enjoyed just carving these
corners now I know I'm already pushing
it through and I'm kind of between gears
a lot but just fun just to drive around
wirelessly but really concentrate too
much I'm just trying to stay on my side
of the road most of time anyway I mean
you can see it see the light-fruit it
you can get cheeky and cut the corner of
it this cows just go out quick enough to
have fun in and you can still check out
around the corner I've put me on the
street tires - you can't go on the semi
slicks but what do you drive semi six or
streetcar man
well I say that in game anyway in real
life sent me six are a lot better being
game is fun to have the slides at the
scary moment I thought what makes a game
fun
see we can get one going here shall we
oh come on
terrible you can get your think there's
a really fun formal slides if you get it
set up correctly but I'm not quite there
yet
so anyway on the on the subject of where
we may be not taking things too
seriously I've really found myself like
once until mush rebel against it like in
the way way do you know I thought that
sounds like really dramatic once I
rebelled isn't it but for example we did
the stroll BTCC touring car thing and it
was just an absolute [__] show it's
exactly what I wanted to feed Absolution
show those of month make it's just
pissing about on the server that for me
is closer to what I associate with
simracing then you know the events I do
these these f1 guys I prefer doing those
sort of events learn more tool because
this is not a lot of pressure and it's
fun it's interesting you know like we're
all everyone who I think I said say
everyone is into simracing is a racing
enthusiast or driving enthusiast you
know and we have access all had access
also do now in the the archives I guess
to all sorts of very serious very
organized racing
but some of the funniest stuff or some
of the most entertaining stuff you see
is when it isn't organized and crazy is
where it's erm it's just ad-lib that's
not what like I've been feeling recently
a lot like you know doing the the stupid
stuff with the dump truck and the the f1
car the billion bajillion horsepower I
find that almost Farah pew tick to go
back and do that guy now who's stupid
now it's not realistic but who cares as
long as you're enjoying it right temp
racing used to get over itself we've
ridden sometimes I think I've anyway but
I'm getting I'm getting onto a tangent
now really bitter as a result I've got a
couple of events set up I'm not gonna go
into position there is one coming up
this Friday though in rec fest we've got
a lot of really cool people taking part
know racing drivers so just just just
cool that TM and they're putting a bit
more effort into organizing stuff there
everyone connect can access because one
of the downsides to doing all these
events is that well I guess I'm lucky
but I consider it downsides I made it on
my own
you know for the most part out the front
of the race serving Steve's a part of as
well and there are there's a simmering
section add in all these big you know
supercar events IndyCar events
the f1 event to the most part that is
including they don't they're not really
including the community of simracing
outside of me and I am NOT the community
is suprising I'm a member of the
community but you know there are so many
more people who can take part in it you
know I mean I get like Steve Kabir you
could put them in it look at that i
rememeber arrive in there as well empty
box I'd love to see empty box in the
Indy car races
but consent of the people who are maybe
more sip racing enthusiasts some racing
enthusiasts have someone to support I
still watching Dale jr. go around again
all right I sounded pretty good and I'm
not talking about involving someone like
myself in these races up being involved
in them well I've been very lucky to do
so but there's a big rich community of
races get blown in something for crying
out loud you know mix them together so
because what's happened is you have real
life your life has been canceled but
that sounds super dramatic and it just
moved to separating and displace all the
same races got this is ask now we are
the important people he'll know that's
the community there before you guys came
over embrace it
so I'm kind of trying to think of a way
to maybe help push that a a bit myself I
guess I have some influence in this
world now although I don't want to have
it I just seem to have it for some
reason maybe we can organize something
there but I don't know I get like this
video is a bit of a ramble I hope you
guys appreciate that it's we just drive
around and chatting the [__] I don't
really get to do this very often give me
that fourth gear my fruit and now here
the brakes hard to be turning
oh I just did quite enough enough boo
said to get around it second gear but in
the first
god that's a lot to be said for doing
this just drive around and enjoying it a
lot to be said really nice just to get
out here virtually get out here go for a
drive you know god I miss going for a
drive Wow okay so what happened there is
I went into English mode I forgot I was
Lewis Englishman Rex precept he says oh
wait a minute he's on the wrong side of
the road over oh wait no I haven't I got
I got crunched big time you might also
notice something Bernie's very
fashionable one one what the hell he's
called I've snapped off one of the ears
basic me so I can't find my other
glasses my eyes ache and a bit for this
race and I'm doing sir like some sort of
weird drug-free teaching now don't know
this stupid hair like an alternative
geography teacher that's me
I should put my cardigan on and really
completely looks at night but I mostly
at this time you guys are staying safe
and staying sane you know simracing
is in this unique position because it's
something that it's a sport that can
survive when the virtual counterpart
can't survive when the real-life
counterpart isn't there anymore because
we have the tools to do that
you know we've it's been said so many
times and I'll say again that you know
we can't go and play football
it's in the same way that we can get our
wheel and pedals and drive as it wasn't
the real life you know a part of MIDI
force and the sense of oh my god I'm
going to crash expensive car this is
pretty much as close as you're gonna get
to replicating a sport in a video game
all right
oh I thought before like revving the
tits off second gear I've been there I
went on piston heads the other day
because I was interested to see how much
our photophores go for now 70 grand 65
grand for a bass I blew one
I think I bought my car at the right
point but yeah it's not it's not a 34 I
still prefer the Alfa to of course but I
think that's a lot of money for a for a
Japanese box but anyway again getting
kind of off topic
go back to what I was saying I hope you
guys all doing okay it is a scary time
you know and I think a lot of what's
happening is it people are doing what I
can't catch myself doing every now then
they're saying I'm not allowed to feel
bad because people having it worse in
the world right now which is true you
know relatively off I'm I'm doing pretty
well I'm in my house which is in the
country I say at my house in the shed in
the country you know we have food we
have water where we're not going crazy
at all we are we are I have a garden I
can sit in I've got a lot more and all
other people but then when I say that
I'm saying to myself that I'm not
allowed to get stressed about YouTube
which I'm stressed about regardless of
this pandemic going on I want allowed to
be stressed about the pandemic and you
know the possibility of my mum catching
it what should probably be fatal for her
so you know there's always that little
overhead and not being able to see my
girlfriend do this in Spain and it was a
really hard hit at the start I was
really worried about that and those are
things that I am allowed to worry and
get upset about and the same applies to
you guys you know it's reasonable to be
upset about those things don't sit down
and think that just because somebody
else has a worse scenario doesn't mean
that you can't be upset - you need
everyone needs that person to talk to
you you know I I kind of wish that in
some sort of weird world I could all sit
down with those of you who do struggle
and have like a little heart-to-heart
but unfortunately because there are 440
4000 of you now heck it's not really
doable but now but maybe maybe we could
work something out like the future is
I'm sort of really crazy voting I'm not
sure I picked this mappers I guess we'll
keep driving around until either I run
out of things to say or till we find the
end of the map I've only got 20 minutes
so far feels longer I guess because
rambling I had dropped it longer these
sort of long-form videos I find
whereas just a guy talking they don't do
very well YouTube because people
something I've noticed more and more the
channel grows people don't really watch
stuff that requires them to sit down and
listen they like to have stuff that is
chopped up force force to them quickly
so this this little video never does
very well as a result I get afraid to
make it which is silly I like making
stuff like this I might just having a
chat every now and then but you get
afraid to do it almost you know that
being said though I have been given a
certain go-kart by Niels that apparently
is good apparently as faster than UX 20
year 2010 I run the knowledge life so I
should that should be a fun video when
that comes out or when I get around to
actually recording that
I see let's see we can open it up a
little bit I've been kind of cruising
for now let's see if we can it's on a
girl hi x5
while QT that is now some pleb and a
Porsche I've been going out for 30
minutes I want this road to a like some
really big quick Porsche but like I've
been here before
so I have been here before yeah we've
actually been round already ever with
I think we have
oh that's been up a bit then have a bit
of fun blip before we end off be a town
I'd rather be in one of those act 5 sin
some really expensive 911 Porsche around
this candy was just occurs top-down it's
fantastic
I say it's ahead of the car but
obviously my hairdressing skills aren't
very good probably guess where the road
goes here if you know sighs I have no
idea what ever taught me it's like I
said me too slow the hell down
yeah I mean oh it's this bit this is a
stop sign coming up I did that better
the last time of these
I come on GTR see what you got
[Music]
straight-6 with turbo baby making sure
at the right gear can't really see what
the road goes here sweetie what pace
knows where it is that instead of
guessing where you're going as Title I
for he was trying to get his sideways a
bit to get some rotation going on as
well just to make sure I've got a bit to
play with if I do end up on the steering
or going into a corner bit to quit you
kind of cats a little bit with the
four-wheel drifting
[Music]
somebody second everything
oh Jesus could - chasing an m3 that's a
really cool Victor water
to go a little bit to a bit of grit now
[Music]
it's time to submissive out sometimes
but anyway guys I think I've said
everything I wanted to say in this video
it's good to end up a bit of a drag
towards the end there but don't do that
on the public roads cry out as bad so
yes ma Cantonese map if you like driving
like this this map is fantastic
I'll try remember to link it below if it
there's a free version and the VIP
version a paid version basically I'm on
the VIP of the two-way traffic right now
but it's definitely worth it in my
opinion if you're the sort of guy like
this all things and that UFO to GTR is
probably on rice Department ill I'll
find it but anyway yeah guys hope you
enjoyed the video and I can hope you
keep safe I notice that a lot but it's a
scary time but we are know if we are
there for each other there will be a lot
of a nicer time than if we stay isolated
you know we have technology to contact
do that if you're feeling bad reach out
to someone that there are people out
there who are there to talk to but don't
be afraid to do that but anyway guys
Gandalf if you enjoyed it hit like bum
for free to subscribe do the good stuff
and of course a massive thank you as
always to my patreon and to sponsors and
all of you guys for this crazy support
during this crazy time take care have an
awesome rest of day I'll see you all
next time
[Music]